alright what's going on guys I am
bringing you my you know it's not us I
think it's na regionals this year
because there is none the United States
seems there i believe i don't know
anyways i'm bringing you my regionals
predictions video I'll throw the bracket
up on the screen for a second you guys
can look at it I i'll probably put a
link in the description as well or
something and you guys can pull it up if
you want to look at it while I'm
speaking or whatever but that's the
bracket I'm pretty sure they haven't
changed it they might I think it got
locked after a certain date so it hasn't
changed even though the pro points have
changed after that but they already
locked it so anyways the way I have
understood it is you only have to win
your first two matches if long as you
win both of them you're in if you lose
one of them you're gonna have to go to
losers and win an extra game or two in
order to qualify but it is top 16 I
believe that qualify although I did see
some where there was top 14 which is
kind of a weird number but I'm gonna go
and say top 16 because that just makes a
lot more sense so either way mostly
seems shouldn't really have any problem
winning their first two matches because
there's 32 teams there's a lot less
competition out there so if you have a
high seed you you're playing not that
great of a team and it makes it a lot
easier for you to qualify so let's get
right into it I'm gonna just skip the
entire first round I don't really see
any upsets happening any major upsets
happening from any of like the top 10
seeds they should all win their first
round match pretty easily and I I
couldn't really see any time losing the
second round there is a few matchups to
look at obviously I think optics gonna
win there is easily ck does play SB in
the second round that could be
interesting I'm gonna give us a TK I
don't think SP has quite enough of what
it takes to beat them props gonna play
AR I'm giving that the prof and then NV
should win easily phase red shoe and
easily opticnation is gonna play stunner
but it's not the same actual stunner
team they had to make their adjustments
for age limits for champs some give that
one to nation now we have denials gonna
play probably revenge denial with net
and phase blacks and play rise and I
think face black should win that one as
well now we get into the third round
this is worse this is where it starts to
get a little interesting we have optic
vs. TK now at this point the only only
time i Opteka really loses
and they they're not warmed up I guess
you could say you know but once optic
gets momentum that's when their dominant
so at this point they've already beat up
to like kind of I don't want to say bad
cuz I mean obviously made it to
regionals but you know not the best
teams at this point so they're already
warmed up should already be on a roll 12
series qualified should be happy I see
them just you know running over TK at
this point now next we're gonna have
prof. versus NV I think end now also i
should point mine i haven't really kept
up with you know watching all these 2
k's and 5 k's and shit i'm just trying
to base this on land performance I don't
really give a fuck who wins a to care of
I hear that means nothing so anyways um
I think NV has the roster to probably
the second or third best roster on paper
you know along with phase read optic and
maybe obligation so I'm giving this to
envy I think prof as good as they are
they just they don't have what it takes
to be anga I really like this MV roster
they got a lot of slang on there so I
think they should do pretty well I think
that's a top-four team so anyways MV i
got them over prof and now we're gonna
have phase read verse is opticnation
this one it's hard for me to pick I
would want opticnation to win this but I
mean phase red has such a talented
roster on paper but it just I don't know
if they're really gonna work out
together like that I'm gonna pick opting
nation I I like I think I feel like
alternations roster isn't as talented on
paper even though out all the players in
these two matchups Karma's pretty yeah
he's pretty much better than everyone
that's gonna be in that game but I don't
know I'm going with the nation but
that's it that's really toss up to be
honest so anyways last match is gonna be
denial verse phase black now days like
does have dug sense or Martin the best
player in the game so they should win
but at the same time I think denounced a
better team so i'ma give it to denial
now that takes us to quarterfinals I
think it's gonna be quarterfinals well
fourth round whatever you know when you
add in losers to changes up whatever the
the names so it's gonna be optic versus
envy think optics gonna win I think you
guys can all I mean who the fuck is in
kind of predict optic to win at this
point now the other side is a little
more interesting I guess we're gonna
have opticnation
this is denial that bottom side of the
bracket somehow ended up being like
weaker I don't that's kind of weird well
maybe not yeah I mean it kind of did I
don't know well maybe not i guess um but
opticians versus denial I like
opticnation in that one I think that you
know if I think honestly the the real
match up in the bottom side of that
brackets opticnation verse phase and you
know if they can beat them i think you
know they should be able to be denial
easily so I'm gonna give optimization to
win over that I think if they can be
phased and they're definitely gonna be
denial and they're gonna go to the
finals and play off the gaint well
winners finals and then obviously
someone's gonna come out of losers I
think phase red or envy will come out of
losers once they lose that can come back
and maybe make it back into finals but I
mean overall I'm gonna have to predict
top the gaming to win I mean this is
just there there's really that's just
the smartest prediction who I'd like to
win opticnation who I think will win up
to gaming teams that have the potential
to win off the gaming opticnation phase
red or envy I think those one of those
four teams should win if another team
besides those for when I'll be very
surprised but yeah that is it for my us
well what I don't know if it's us I
regionals predictions video hope you
guys enjoyed be sure leave a like rating
if you did subscribe if you weren't
already follow me on Twitter links in
description down below other than that
have a good day and peace out